or
it's him everyone is rio I
am happy to meet you
today for a video
beauty tip i'm going to give you a
super trick very effective to do
disappear very quickly your buttons you
many of you ask me for
tips for for apnea for
imperfections to make your
buttons so we'll come back later
so I'm going to make a video a little bit more
complete on the subject but know that it
So there is a simple trick for
really make very quickly disappear a
button so it's enough in fact to
this to use an essential oil
so the boo the essentials by brad and
to put a little bit on a
cotton swab and become the pure apply
locally on the button or the buttons
if you have several is important
to renew the operation in the
day you can go to at
less up to six times a day 1 so
always tapping a small drop
and you to vote your imperfections
sometimes the button a year 24 hours in
general in 48 hours there is nothing
in fact the essential oils are
very sanitizing antibacterial
soothing healing so often
they will treat the redness remove
the bacteria dry out the button and he
have been several essential oils that
you can use the most effective and
the best known for this type of care
to make the buttons disappear
the tea tree essential oil of
titles but know that you can
use others you can use
essential oil of lavandin oil
lavender essential oil
essential Egyptian geranium already
the smells are more feminine more
more pleasant flowery while the
tetris may displease some you
can also use if the button is
very very red very inflamed two
essential oils of the mortal because
that she is very anti inflammatory
before you ruin yourself in a product
expensive in pharmacy a stop button a
corrector or that dry was trying
really this simple trick we had
already talked about so essential oil
tetris tea tree to whiten
the teeth whose oils you see
essential in fact once you
you know it
house she can serve you full to
a lot of things so really to do
to disappear your pimples is miraculous
I suffered from acne during very
a long time I count I always have
imperfections that point the end of
their nose is really not applying it
applying a mound a good oil
pure essential six times a day on the
button locally in 24 hours I have
nothing more so really tried I you
advise it's really great together
we already talked about oils
essential
we talked about the essential oil
of tea tree in this video so for
to whiten teeth and we talked about it
also other cities is essential
to fortify and activate the growth of
hair in this video the so like
you can see the oils
essential are really multi-purpose
it is used for care as well
beauty than to heal so I
really advise you there
to interest and especially for your
imperfections
it's great perfection can
really disappear in 24 hours I the
have tested several times
so do not forget the so him
clear of tea tree from the sale of
niaouli lavender aspic after you of
see a little what do you prefer what
walk on you a little cotton
stem applied six times a day
pure on the imperfection and you go
see that she will disappear we get
find again very quickly for new
beauty tips
in the meantime I invite you to do a
little trick on my blog you can
discover homemade recipes that goes in
know a little bit about the care of
natural beauty and oils
essential vegetable oils
I make you beautiful kisses on Thursday
very soon lease
we
the